Why is Mr. Yunmo's seal with you?
President Yao, you should know
Mr. Yun Mo's seal never leaves his hands
I don't have to explain.
Mr. Yun Mo
Please explain to me.
Why does this kid have your seal?
President Liu
Could it be that you think he took out a seal
Can you pretend to be me?
Yes, this kid must be fake
Hey, maybe the seal in his hand is also fake.
Clean him up
President Liu, I'm standing here
But don't blame me for not reminding you.
What is the identity of Mr. Yuan Mo, you should know
Against you, the president of a small painting and calligraphy association
Sir please explain to me
Otherwise today
Hum chairperson
You are so timid
I don't even know how you sit
At this location today
Since you want to know so much
Then I'll tell you this seal is not real.
Little brother oh no
Mr. Yun Mo
I really don't know about this
How offended I am
I hope you'll forgive me.
Why don't you kneel down and apologize to your husband?
Dad?
You asked me to apologize to him
How is that possible?
The brat is out there making trouble for me all day
Let him offend Mr. Yunuo today
Kneel down and apologize
President Liu, I haven't finished speaking yet
You are so courteous
All right, I'll show you these things.